Projeto base v3 (#2)
americanas-data-platform/data-discovery-cidamo: README.md

The following diagram shows the overall architecture for the project.

> The project is composed by a data quality job package written in python responsible for gettin a summary of datasets
> features, an api written using Fast api and a Mongo db for persistence.

Reviewer: Deixo como sugestão estruturar em tópicos e incluir a parte do frontend:

 ```suggestion
The project is composed by:
- a Data Quality Job package written in Python responsible for getting a summary of Datasets;
- a MongoDB Atlas used as persistence to store Datasets' metrics;
- a API developed using FastAPI, a Python web framework;
- a frontend built with ReactJS to show all the metadata extracted from Datasets. 
```
